You guys we are getting there we have the HDMI all done for our age old template.
Now we need to add the CSSA to start to make this come together.
All right.
So we're going to go in our each team for our directory here.
We're going to go into CSSA and then open up app Dotsie ss.
All right so we're going to start from the top and just start with the body and let's make the color
of our text gray.
And we're going to set the background to light gray.
Our links are going to give the hexadecimal value of five a five a five a cane and then we want to style
the hover when we hover over links say color and that's going to be gray.
All right so we have a class of button.
And for that we're going to have this color here
.
And then let's start with let's go to the top bar
and then insert the font size to 13 pixels make it a little smaller and also set the color to a dark
gray.
All right so if we look at the top bar now we're going to want to style these icons up here they're
way too small.
We also want to give them a background in space not a little bit.
So it's a dot Tabar dot.
So sure remember we gave that that div a class of social and then thought F.A..
All right.
So let's make sure the color is dark gray.
We're going to give them a background.
Ef 9 if t f 8 K we're also going to give nine pixels of padding.
Set the width to thirty five pixels and then I want to align the line to the center.
OK so those looks good.
Now the form has quite a bit of styling song pasted in in fragments.
All right so let me grab the CSSA for just the actual form.
OK we're putting a background color and a little darker than in the top bar float left margin with is
going to be to 40.
All right.
And then for the import the piece that in.
OK we're just setting the colors font size height line height padding margin things like that.
And then for the button place that in OK we're going to fold it left font size height.
The button is just in is actually an icon.
It's not actual text.
All right so let's save that in reload.
And now our top bar looks pretty good.
OK so it looks just like actually we want to want to move these down a little bit.
So remember how we put those in a span tag.
So we're going to say top bar span and let's say display block and out of padding top of 10 pixels.
And then there you go.
So our that's our top bar.
So next we have the header.
So for the head or the background it's going to be white.
Are you going to give it padding top of 20 pixels and also padding the bottom of 20 pixels and then
border plot which will be gray one pixel solid case.
That's for the head or I'll save it
.
And let's also add an overflow of audio.
OK.
Now for the menu when I say Daut menu can we go to.
We're going to add margin top 10 pixels.
And let's also float it to the right.
All right now we save that that should move over.
OK.
Now the header should be these should be pushed into the middle like the top bar.
I think I forgot the row class so let's go back to the index each now and where we have had or we should
have a row did great here.
K that acts as a container
so we reload.
Now that's pushed to the middle.
Now we need to do it to the other age you know pages as well.
So I'm just going to copy this whole header
and then we'll just open these up
and just replace the header
.
A good single
All right.
So that's taken care of.
Next thing is going to be.
Let's see we have our hair done that's done now post.
OK so we want to float left said the width to 100 percent and set the background
to that and then we're going to take the description
go left and let's add a bunch of padding
and we're going to set this width to 50 percent
and I'm going to post in a couple other things we have the post description span going to add the styles
and then the H 3 we're going to add those.
All right.
And then the image
we're going to set to float left and with all the 50 percent.
All right.
And then the button
space that in K that's for the read button.
Ok we'll save that.
Let's go back and reload and it looks pretty good.
OK the button doesn't work quite right.
Today not had tax
.
See am
Each tree read more.
I didn't have the text.
Ok so this should have these buttons should have text of read more
.
Here we go.
And you can see they have the hover effect as well.
So that looks good.
Now let's move on to the footer.
We'll go back to our C Ss and we're going to paste in some fun styles
.
So the main footer itself we have a background color black color of white some padding the icons in
the footer are going to be white with some margin on the right paragraphs of a line height and A with
H-3 will have a border padding margin and you will have no padding and margin allies will have no bullets
line.
Hate will be 2.2 am and they'll have a border on the bottom reload and there we go.
All right so that does it for the home page.
We click on about.
You can see we have some issues here.
I actually want to check out the each team our real quick for about.
OK so let's see
about should not have this post description dev.
So to get rid of that.
OK there we go.
All right so let's style this.
This banner area which is this section with the classic title section.
So we're going to go to our C Ss and I'm going to just grab this stuff real quick.
OK so Title Section itself background is going to be black.
We get a lot of padding on the top and bottom.
Everything's in the center of the H-1 with some margin.
The welcome text and the subtext.
Save that.
And there we go.
Now the single page.
I just want to add some margin to the bottom.
So we're going to say single page and say large margin bottom 40 pixels
.
See what that show article class single page
OK that's good.
All right so see the sidebar doesn't look that great so let's add some CSSA for that.
OK so we have our well which is going to have a white background some padding sidebar widgets themselves
have a little bit of styling the list items and the UL.
OK.
That looks good.
Now let's look at the blog page.
OK.
So not too bad we're going to fix a couple of things here.
Let's take care of.
We're going to add some margin to the bottom there.
OK.
Am also going to add some margin auto to the blog post image.
All right.
The matter has a little bit of styling as well so let's go ahead and paste that in.
OK.
So we're just selling a with of 100 percent or a lining to the center.
That's pretty much it we're adding margin and padding.
Save that.
And there we go.
So that's pretty much it.
Let's look at the gallery.
OK so the gallery we just want to add some margin to the bottom.
I'm actually going to add it to where we put in the single page right here.
Let's just add in gallery.
I don't think I added it to the actual HDMI although Oh yes I did.
OK.
So that looks good.
See for the actual image in the gallery I'm going to add some margin to the bottom as well.
So say gallery image in the bottom of 20 pixel.
All right.
So things are pretty good.
Click on single post that looks good.
All right.
I think we're ready to go.
And we're ready to turn this into a WordPress theme.
All right.
So I will see you in the next video